Tina Marie: Okay, it's working.
Tina Marie: Hmm.
Tina Marie: hmm.
Tina Marie: no
Tina Marie: whatever.
Tina Marie: Hello! Hello!
Dan: Hello!
Tina Marie: There! Wait.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: I don't know. Zoom drives me nuts. I it's it's really good for the most part, compared to
Tina Marie: ancient days, you know, meetings, but
Tina Marie: every now and then it'll just drop something like this is a big deal. Stop it.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Anyway.
Tina Marie: How are you today?
Tina Marie: I see you, Hudson.
Dan: I was. Gonna say, Watts, I don't know.
Tina Marie: I'd seen.
Dan: Hudson Watson. I'm like what is happening. I'm good plugging away.
Tina Marie: What was that?
Dan: Plugging away.
Tina Marie: Well what you been plugging away from, cause. It's been 2 weeks since we talked.
Dan: Mostly fans Louis.
Dan: I closed. I think I think we closed the deal on the music publishing white label. So Distro Flowey will be going into full effect
Dan: So I'm just waiting for them to like.
Dan: confirm, confirm he like he was like, it's a done deal. And then yesterday. He's like, we're just meeting one more time. But we had negotiated a couple points. He made a he made a couple of good points. We're like, oh, yeah, we could do that
Dan: so that'll be done. And then I sent our girl Maria all my shit, and she was like holy, holy crap.
Dan: She was like, wait, let me take this all in. But yeah, this could totally work.
Dan: I said, Okay, go ahead and absorb that. We're not ready yet. But I was like I figured I'd clue you in
Dan: and then, still waiting for the book edits from the Bobsy twins. They're slacking. I just hit them up again this morning.
Tina Marie: Twins. I don't even know how long it's been since I've heard that name.
Dan: I know that was a deep reference waiting for them to send me those today I was gonna try to
Dan: figure out I might do it today or tomorrow. I'm trying to figure out how to resubmit the spotify app. But in the meantime
Dan: I think I just put together a deal with this
Dan: competitor, basically. And the in the conversation with them he basically showed me, you know, you could just go in and buy our 2 49 a year account and manage it for your artists and just give them the links. And they basically won't even know that you're using us.
Dan: And then, if I wanted I could. Then that's 250 bucks a month, and then if I wanted, I could go in and pay 3, 50 a month and get Api access so that
Dan: we could just automatically do the manual steps. So
Dan: I was like, Okay, so I guess I really just need to like track. How much time beyond the initial setup
Dan: goes into this
Dan: and then submit the spotify, so this will replace the spotify app until the spotify app is ready.
Tina Marie: Nice.
Dan: So I'm still wait him waiting for him to send me some Api docs.
Dan: I mean Sean and I are talking about it. But Sean's like, yeah, dude that would work, I know.
Dan: So then that would get us pre-save functionality like tomorrow.
Dan: Yeah. And then Mark did this thing where he
Dan: cold. DM'd all the radio leads that we've already gotten.
Dan: and he is booked for the rest of the month.
Dan: like he has calls every half hour, almost every day.
Tina Marie: Holy heck!
Dan: I know, like the 1st email went out. He got he 22 calls got booked in 2 h.
Dan: So I was like, Oh, that's interesting. So it'll be interesting to see how those go down.
Dan: I got the spotify scraper dudes all set up, so I don't even know if I talked about this, but I had this vision
Dan: of like, oh, man, what if you could scrape, spotify? So I was doing it via this other thing that I started working on months ago where you can do a custom search on Google like a Google Dork search.
Tina Marie: Did you say Google Dork shirt.
Dan: Is what they're called. Yeah, I'm like, this has got to be called something. It's called the Google Dork Search.
Dan: You do a Google Dork search
Dan: like site coal Site or URL contains Instagram, and then at Gmail is. And then and I think music or musician or something. I forget it's a Google Dork search that I came up with. I swiped it from somebody like
Dan: someone showed how to do that for
Dan: think finding like plumbers or something. I forget what it was, and it but it wasn't on Instagram. I was like, Oh, wait a minute. I could do a Google Dork search target Instagram target at Gmail Target, a musician. So what happens is it pulls back all the Instagram Urls of people that have a Gmail address in their profile that say they're a musician, and I was like, okay.
Dan: Then I paid the these dudes to go scrape that.
Dan: and then I paid them to go follow.
Dan: There's no, there's nobody.
Dan: No, you're wrong. There's nobody here you suck at this.
Dan: You suck it. There was nothing.
Tina Marie: So confused for me, and I'm like what is happening, cause it was breaking up also.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, it's cause this dog sucks it. She sucks. There's nothing here.
Dan: So then, yeah. So then I have my manual scrapers go
Dan: like append append data to that.
Dan: This is not helping.
Dan: And
Dan: And what they were doing was like they were going and finding their
Dan: spotify their website whatever I had them append a bunch of data.
Dan: And I was like, Oh, I could like cold outreach to these people. But at the time I didn't really have an offer. It was just gonna be like Mark going. Oh, hey? Oh, they were getting
Dan: their spotify the last song they released.
Dan: and and something like that. So my thought was like, Oh, I'll have Mark
Dan: use Gmass to mass email, these people on the regular. It's like, Hey, I saw your. I saw your new song blah, or your song. Blah blah! Listen to it. It's great. I have whatever like making some sort of pitch.
Dan: and then I just sort of put a PIN in that. And I was like, Okay, I'll come back to this because I don't have an offer.
Dan: But now I'm like, oh, so then, when Spotify app got declined, I was like dude. I've got to find someone that's been approved like, if I could find a developer that's done this that's gotten approved. Maybe I can show him what I'm getting like. Do you know how to submit this?
Dan: I've not been able to find anyone? But I found this one guy on upwork, and I reached out to him and I told him what was going on, and his response was like, Yeah, no, I can't help you with that.
Dan: And I was like, Okay, well, how are you not being a dick? I was like, Oh, okay, so
Dan: why are you. What makes you as well like? What are you doing that makes you a spotify Api expert.
Dan: he's like, Oh, I have a scraper, that! And he starts explaining it. I'm like, wait a minute. He does what?
Dan: So now, this guy, I go. Okay. So I think what he said is is like, it gets the daily new releases, I go okay, cool. Can you get me the Daily new releases for these 3 genres? He's like Yup.
Dan: And he sent me a data record. And the record has emails and some of them.
Dan: I go. Okay, can you can. I? Can you get me only ones with emails. So I want this genre new release, the name of the song, the link to the song on spotify the release date. Obviously it's there and then.
Dan: If they? If there's a label, what label are they on?
Dan: And something else? If there's 1 other piece of data, and he's like Yup.
Dan: And I was like, okay? Well, no, this is a totally different offer. Now, I can hit these people up for Mark and then pitch them getting on the radio, hey, Tina? I saw you dropped your new song on Tuesday. I work with such and such radio like. They're they're they're accepting new song submissions right now. You should go submit your song here, and then it's just a link to go. Submit your new song that you're very proud of, Tina. You just put it out. Of course, you would love to have it on the radio.
Dan: So I worked with that guy for like a week. And then yesterday he sent over a data to a web hook I had Eric set up, and we're pulling all that in. So
Dan: he's selling me them for like 20 cents a record.
Dan: It's it's coming out to like a little over a buck, a lead. But I think I can talk them down after, because I know they're not going to convert great, but maybe they will. So
Dan: he he just gave me 500 yesterday.
Dan: I'm like, am I supposed to pay for these like?
Dan: But so that will be the thing. Those will come over once a week, so it'll be like the last week's new releases. Then I'll go into an automation that sends an email from Mark
Dan: that sends them to the landing page that we already use that converts at like 30 something percent. Or actually, I'm going to send them to a different landing page. So I can. But a copy of that.
Dan: We'll see how that works, because if that's that's getting more of different lead source. But putting in the same thing as what's been converting.
Dan: we started mapping out the actual affiliate program. So we're gonna build that out. So that's there's 2 guys that are basically using it right now
Dan: so that we can have everything run through high level. So the spam flow subscription. And then the label services, subscriptions, whatever they are. And then the payout to that affiliate based on so that it's all going to be fixed. You're this level affiliate. You get 20%, whatever the hell it is.
Dan: So those Sean sent that all over. But I got I got to turn into a spreadsheet. So I actually understand it better. But then Eric and I can build that
Dan: and then then start using it. And then they're gonna start running everything through fan flowing.
Dan: What else.
Tina Marie: This is the time that Hannibal would be smoking a cigar and talking about the plan coming together.
Dan: think that's it?
Dan: Looking at, what did I do today?
Dan: Yeah, yeah, totally. And then i've been working on the side. On the whole, like
Dan: it's not even just buying catalogs. It's like
Dan: I was talking to David Kohenic. And he
Dan: he said something, and I was like, oh, that's a really good way of looking at this. I hadn't thought about it like that. So he said, he pointed out, what you're basically saying is like you want to work with these established artists
Dan: that your what I called the distressed assets
Dan: he's like you want to work with these distressed asset establishers, and then you want to work with these totally new
Dan: artists. I go, yeah. And he goes. So basically, you're building a P and E,
Dan: and and to
Dan: What's the word venture? Capital.
Dan: So he's like in a PE. They go in and buy businesses. They know they can grow because they have the systems to do that. So they target businesses that need the things that they're good at. They grow it with a plan to sell it in 7 years, let's say.
Dan: and I go. Yeah, that's basically it. But we don't necessarily plan on selling it. But everything else about that's correct. And they said with with venture capital. They're trying to find a unicorn.
Dan: So they do 12 deals with whatever criteria.
Dan: hoping one of them like that, that they use the same criteria, and typically one out of 12 pops. And it pays for the whole thing.
Dan: I go. That's yes, that's exactly what. And he goes. Okay. So where is there less risk? I'm like P. And E. And he goes exactly. So you should start there.
Dan: I said. That's what I think. But now, so I've been working with Grok and gpt to like sort of turn that into.
Tina Marie: What is Pn.
Dan: Plan.
Tina Marie: I thought you said P.
Dan: Private equity.
Tina Marie: Okay. So Pete.
Dan: I always.
Tina Marie: Okay. Okay, okay, I'm like, I thought you were talking about private equity. Then you keep saying PNE.
Dan: I know I said PND, which is wrong. It's PE. So PE. And Vc.
Tina Marie: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Dan: So I've been mapping that out because I think it makes a lot of sense. And then
Dan: those guys are like hesitant. They, I think they want to do the the Vc. Version, because
Dan: you know what would be cool.
Tina Marie: You may.
Dan: Would be cool if is, if we sign this band and they blew up. I'm like that would be cool, you know. It would be cooler if we made money.
Dan: and then prove all our things over here with like a distressed asset
Dan: that even if even if you just, I mean we can put together deals over there that are just profitable, and we don't do anything just like everyone else.
Dan: Just go buy the thing except we can bolt on
Dan: this marketing component that no one else can, and then that has the the possibility.
Dan: the design, at least to make the stuff grow. And then we can figure out, does it work?
Dan: Then just go do more of that. And then, yeah, have an eye out for
Dan: this other fund. But have guys come in, make them a bunch of money
Dan: and then go, hey! We want to go start this DC thing, or whatever we call it. Actually, you know, I'm coming up with names or whatever. So then I got to run that by those guys. But
Dan: having this pre-save thing done
Dan: would be killer. So I'm like you know what it's worth. 249 bucks a month, or whatever.
Dan: So then I also like, I think I finished. No, it'll be done tomorrow. The whole community build out should be done tomorrow, as far as like structure goes.
Dan: and then we can start inviting people to that and just see what happens, and we shall see.
Dan: But the big plan is just have it already.
Dan: including the book funnel, like operating by April first, st
Dan: and then whether or not, whenever we'll see what happens with Maria, because if this other shit works, I don't need to like.
Dan: I'll have 2 funnels going. I don't need a 3rd one. Necessarily.
Tina Marie: So what would the 3rd one be?
Dan: Book funnel, like the automatic clients, Maria.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay, okay, yeah.
Tina Marie: So, but that I like, I'm missing something, because it's not the whole purpose of the book.
Dan: Yes, but if I don't need, if no, no, it's not so. The purpose of the book is the
Dan: I mean. I guess the way you can look at is like
Dan: the purpose of the book is because it solves the biggest pain in the marketplace. You don't have a strategy. So we wrote a book around the strategy, and then the book can. So we're getting these leads right now you go into the community. I'll send you a link to the community, the community.
Dan: I think it's borderline genius to be honest. And I showed this. I showed it to someone, and they were like, Oh, my God, that's such a good idea.
Dan: The community is built around the book. So like the sections of the community are the steps of the book.
Dan: So it's like Step One, and it's like step one. From what? Oh, the book! You don't have the book here. Here's the link. Go buy the book.
Tina Marie: I love that.
Dan: Yeah, so it doesn't. So the book can be a funnel. But then all these free leads or or cheap leads, whatever all these targeted leads from the radio and then from the scrape.
Dan: They're not of the book. But if you go in the community and you start poking around and you'll, you're going to get that. There's a book.
Dan: And then the podcast, is tied to the book. Right? So I also mapped out this idea of like
Dan: having podcast episodes that are in direct alignment with the book. So it's like a different take on that step. So it's like, it's not the book verbatim. It's like, Hey, here we are talking about
Dan: the amplify, amplify, which is in step 4, or is, which is key, 2 of step 4.
Dan: And so I came up with
Dan: again with Grock. I came up with a naming convention thing, so that at the end of the year you could build a playlist on Youtube. That's like, here's sort of a book addendum. It's not the audio book, but it's like you can hear this shit in practice. You could hear this. You can hear this from the perspective of why, how? What we're seeing right now. And you could just build a playlist that is like a book, buddy, or whatever.
Dan: So this it's everything sort of like built around the book and the strategies in the book.
Dan: Yada Yada Yada. So then, if you made the book the front end. They're coming in on the book. So right now no one's coming in on the book.
Dan: and then the book. The book will be in like bumpers on the podcast so even traffic that goes to the book from elsewhere
Dan: into the book. Funnel is not paid paid book funnel. Right there there'd be paid book funnel, which could be a totally separate subdomain, so that you're tracking all that.
Dan: But the book will end up on like book.mom.com, or whatever.
Tina Marie: Nice.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: So
Tina Marie: would there be a reason to not make the investment in the book funnel for the sake of
Tina Marie: I mean, you've already done most of the work. The there's a few steps, but
Tina Marie: you already have a process for all of it. The only kind of big big step really would be. Maybe the copy.
Dan: I already did it.
Tina Marie: Right. So why would you not do that to capture more.
Dan: No, you would. I just don't think the so. The book sort of buy the book.
Dan: Well, the the book fellow requires.
Dan: 2, 3, I think 3.
Dan: I'll just call them courses, but they're really not, or I'll just call them upsells.
Dan: 3 upsells that are essentially I'm like literally copying this other dude. So I'm like, Oh, he's got
Dan: this. So his, like, his 1st immediate upsells audio book. I'm like, Okay, great, yeah, I can. I can do that.
Dan: Then his second upsell is or his. Let's put it this way. He's using a modified version of
Dan: the automatic clients. So it doesn't. It must be like, I think they just put out version 2.0 in the book. I guarantee you, this guy's using it. So
Dan: the new model is you have, like your $3, you know, free pro shipping. But there's no shipping, because it's digital, right? So it's 3 bucks.
Dan: Then when you add that to cart.
Dan: You're not actually adding it to the cart. The 1st form is really an opt-in form. It's email. Only you submit that they're snagging your email so they can do abandoned cart and all that good shit. Then you go to like the cart, and immediately you're upgraded. There's 2 options in
Dan: the cart, and they automatically put you with audiobook. So you didn't even assent to the upsell. They're just, hey? You might as well get this. So it's not even an upsell. It's like I don't even know what to call that.
Dan: It's like a forced upsell sort of.
Tina Marie: Force, order, bump.
Dan: Yeah. But then they have an order bump. So I'm like, I don't know what to call this 1st thing. So we're just gonna call it whatever they have a whatever upsell, and then the order bump is.
Tina Marie: Automatic bundle. Maybe, anyway.
Dan: Yeah sort of yeah, sort of. I mean, that's a good. That's probably a good term.
Dan: And then they have the order bump, which is, think it's 27 bucks.
Dan: It's a 27 order bump in this scenario. It's behind the scenes of my 6 figure a year art business, right? So it's the dude selling the course showing behind the scenes of his art business.
Dan: I turned that into one of 2.
Dan: It's 1 or 2 or both.
Dan: so we could do behind the scenes of Sean
Dan: and Sean's makes over a hundred $1,000 a year. As Lansdowne. So my okay, we could do the same thing behind the scenes of my whatever his total is, I don't know what it is, but I know it's over 100,
Dan: and or we could do behind the scenes of Nonpoint, who's even bigger than Shawn. So it would be like, here's the guide.
Dan: Non point is one of the early adopters of fanflow that, like we're like we do all kinds of shit for them, and they are 3 times as large as Sean is my estimate.
Dan: So.
Tina Marie: Talked about them, but either not by name, or I just didn't realize that was a name.
Dan: No, I mean, I'm I've maybe mentioned them here and there, but not that much. I I talked to them one time like a year ago.
Dan: same with the singer's name's Elias, and he's super cool. And so I hit up mark and I said, What do you think the odds are. Elias would go behind the scenes. So then that would be so. One would be Sean doing behind the scenes of Lansdowne on his own. Then the other one would be mark with Elias walking through the parts of the business that Mark
Dan: is responsible for Fan Flowy, and then the parts of the business that
Dan: Elias is responsible for or involved in. And then, whatever that number is right, it's so. That number could be 300,000 400,000. But it's like, Hey, here's the dude selling you the shit, showing you what he does. And then here's the dude selling you the shit and someone using it who's killing it.
Dan: But like, okay, check, we can do that. And then there's like a Facebook ads course that he gives away. That's it's like Super, not great. So Johnny would have to make that
Dan: I'm like, alright. So we need to make 3 products and an audio book
Dan: like there, there's no way that's happening this quarter.
Dan: So I'm like, all right, I can get the funnel built
Dan: and get it ready. And then Q. 2. It would be like we need that those would be like the big rocks for Q or the rocks for q, 1. Rock for Q. 2 would be like, get all of these things done so that you could launch the actual book funnel.
Dan: probably in the summer, or whenever those are done. So that's
Dan: basically it's not that. It's it's not that I don't want to do it. It's like it's not gonna be ready. But these other things I can turn on
Dan: right now, and they're super passive, and they're super cheap, comparatively.
Dan: And I need Maria's feedback. So Maria's feedback is okay. I want
Dan: you've done a bunch of these. Help me fill in these blanks. So my specific question with her to her was, What do you see across multiple funnels for the audio auto, the auto bump? What do you see for the the order. Bump!
Dan: Here we go! That that's it. Auto, bump and order, bump! Done!
Dan: And then what do you.
Tina Marie: Handle, order, bump.
Dan: There you go, and then the page after that is now what they call the Mid Tier.
Dan: I do not have a mid tier
Dan: so, and I have not been able to come up with one. I can. I was gonna maybe go buy his. Oh, no, I I have his. I need to go through his. So I need to go analyze his mid tier to see what's our mid tier equivalent
Dan: telling you straight up that, like his products suck. So I'm like, I don't really want to sell just a total piece of crap for 97 bucks. But I'm sure when Maria goes, this is what I'm seeing
Dan: the auto bundle. This is the take rate, the order bump. This is the take rate, the mid tier. This is the take rate, and then, after that, it's
Dan: kind of interesting. They changed this to. It's basically books book call one book call 2. So book call one. I think what they're doing is they're saying, anybody that books this call we're going for the highest
Dan: high ticket.
Dan: And if they pass on that they go to book, call 2 where they're
Dan: essentially selling a book call. But they're reframing it as like a different level of the community. Because you get a free community with the book on the front end. And then this is like a for serious artists. So I think it's just a way of them saying, Okay, don't pitch them. These guys are just regular high ticket.
Tina Marie: That.
Dan: What those prices are on the back end I couldn't tell you, but my guess is, it's like 5 grand for one, and then 2,500 for the other. So.
Tina Marie: Differentiator between one and 2, and like what defines and qualifies a serious artist.
Dan: Nothing. I think what they're doing is anyone that says, yes, the 1st time we're gonna we're just gonna make them a higher offer
Dan: because they're they were like a first, st a fast mover.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: On the pitch on the page is like.
Tina Marie: We almost.
Dan: More, hand, holding maybe.
Tina Marie: Treat them as Vip, because they said yes, and you know that they're eager. So you want to kind of reciprocate that energy to them.
Dan: I think so. Yeah. And the pitch on the page is like a little more
Dan: coachy. And the so let's put it that way. That's a coach pitch and the other one's a community pitch. So it's almost like one on one versus group, although I don't think the second one's group.
Dan: But it could be. It's not super clear. But
Dan: they both go to book calls. So I'm like they're both high ticket. I just don't know what the actual differentiate. I don't know exactly what it is. She might know. It's probably part of Part 2, because this is not the funnel this guy was using when I 1st went through it.
Dan: But my question to her is, Hey, I want to build a funnel calculator off this so that we can evaluate all right. We're getting leads at this cost. And then this is what we should see. And then we know if that if the ads are working or not.
Dan: and then like how to scale them. I know that she usually does really good out of the gate. So I'm like, okay, let's put the best foot forward.
Dan: and by emulating his upsells and whatnot, the the upsells and the free. And I told her, like, our community is not Facebook to this.
Dan: but it's like, okay, if I get as close to this, then and then she has sort of numbers across multiple funnel. And and
Dan: you know, genres, whatever you want to call it or niches. Then it's like, okay, we're looking at a target cost per lead of 6 bucks or 3 bucks. Probably. Right? You're trying to self liquidate on the book, I imagine.
Dan: but I don't know.
Tina Marie: I like it. I like the momentum I like that. We're like finally in funnel creation. But you know
Tina Marie: all the things, anyway. Order of operations right? It took a long time to get there, but because
Tina Marie: you waited for everything to be done in order.
Tina Marie: it will work great, be scalable, sustainable.
Tina Marie: Probably.
Dan: Yeah, and there was no high ticket offer initially, like, initially, initially. And then those guys figured out over time.
Dan: Oh, yeah, we we need to. They figured out a couple of things people can't onboard themselves.
Tina Marie: Yup!
Dan: And if they're left to their own devices, they're not going to do it.
Dan: But I mean, that's sort of this. That's what I think is really interesting about this is. And I pointed this out to Maria, too. I'm like they're paying us to get them hooked on the software. I've never
Dan: right.
Dan: It's like this, it's it's unique in that way. So it's like, Yeah, it's high ticket
Dan: for coaching on the subscription. I want you to start and keep.
Dan: And and I'm like, that's like a twist on it. So it it
Dan: it's like the the these metrics on the front end don't need. It's not a high ticket funnel. It's a i don't even know what to call it right. It's like a it's like a done for you, Sas Funnel. It's like I don't know.
Tina Marie: I'm trying to think cause I I always always want to go to mapping this.
Tina Marie: but there's up until now been more unknowns than knowns, but I feel like we're.
Dan: Well, and we can map it. I'm sending the book funnel. So I realized, also, I'm like, I got to build this on
Dan: high level. I should not build this on.
Tina Marie: Oh, I know where we could do it, Giro.
Tina Marie: I never use it, but this is what it's good for just visualizing rather than drawing it all out.
Tina Marie: Sorry I didn't mean to like cut you off, or anything.
Dan: Oh, no no boom, boom, boom.
Tina Marie: So can you see this? Are you on a phone or.
Dan: Yeah, I can see.
Tina Marie: Okay, so let's just start from the beginning of a funnel.
Tina Marie: Pick any like you've got 3 versions technically right?
Dan: Yeah. So the there's the song, submit funnel that already exists.
Tina Marie: So where does it start like what experience is? The user having.
Dan: Facebook, lead, ad.
Tina Marie: So let me go back.
Tina Marie: Whoa! Custom, object. I don't want a custom object right now.
Tina Marie: Opt-in traffic retargeting my email. Sorry I don't know all of these, so I gotta look at them
Tina Marie: content. Page.
Tina Marie: don't you have ads.
Dan: Well, it's traffic, probably.
Tina Marie: Yeah traffic entry. We'll just do this.
Tina Marie: No?
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: Nope oops.
Tina Marie: Alright. Learning curve is probably not the can I rename it?
Tina Marie: Maybe this isn't gonna be as easy as I thought it would be.
Dan: Surprised. It just doesn't have a dropdown like pick your traffic source.
Tina Marie: Right.
Tina Marie: Nope, that didn't work.
Tina Marie: Okay?
Tina Marie: Well, we could probably do custom lead thing. But
Tina Marie: anyway, scenario one, let's just we'll give it a couple of minutes because it could work visitor. November source.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay, no traffic sources yet. So there are some things that we have to.
Dan: Oh, you have to like. Tell them shit. Okay.
Tina Marie: Okay. Facebook.
Dan: That makes sense.
Tina Marie: One. I don't know what that is.
Tina Marie: Settings.
Tina Marie: Add new campaign name F. The Ad.
Tina Marie: I really need to get my my nails are like half an inch long right now over my nails. They need to be done.
Tina Marie: Traffic entry one. We'll call that that. Oh, custom, traffic source! We don't need that.
Tina Marie: Oh, that's cool.
Tina Marie: Facebook ads campaign name. Okay? So what is what is this one gonna be called?
Tina Marie: But this we'll call it Phantom.
Dan: The ad campaign. But what is it?
Tina Marie: Yeah. Well.
Dan: Model, name.
Tina Marie: Yeah. The final name.
Dan: It's a rock, rage, song, song, submit!
Tina Marie: Rock range song.
Tina Marie: Submit Facebook ads, monthly visitors. We don't know. Acquisition type clicks or impressions.
Tina Marie: Probably page visits, isn't it?
Tina Marie: Or we'll just save that.
Tina Marie: Okay, add note, that's okay.
Tina Marie: Close, hey? Look at that. And then where does it go?
Tina Marie: Landing? Page.
Dan: Well, it goes to. There's 2 paths. They can go directly to the landing page if they click the button in the lead. Ad.
Dan: thank you. Page, basically go to email that sends them an email to to go to landing page.
Tina Marie: Email. So it goes to either one of these settings.
Tina Marie: Custom Page. What's the page name.
Dan: Songs, from that.
Tina Marie: Song, submit, submit, call to action.
Tina Marie: Let's say, yes.
Tina Marie: Options showing port. Don't know what that is. Customize alright.
Tina Marie: Okay. So it can either go from here to here.
Tina Marie: Can I connect?
Tina Marie: We'll figure that out.
Tina Marie: Edit, name, email. What's what's the email.
Dan: Submit, submit your song.
Tina Marie: Submit your song.
Tina Marie: That's cool. So it I don't know how we connected, but we can do that. This
Tina Marie: Whoa share map settings. No, that's not what I want.
Tina Marie: Let's just probably do. And undo shapes. Chatbot! Chatbot opt in
Tina Marie: down top. Here, top, stop here!
Tina Marie: Wait!
Tina Marie: There is no wait. Oh, look! They're connected.
Tina Marie: but that's not where you go.
Dan: Perfect.
Dan: Alright! Thanks for the help. But that's all right.
Tina Marie: Right.
Tina Marie: I'm clicking on you. You're not working.
Tina Marie: anyway. We can get all the pieces in there. I can connect them later. What else happens.
Dan: So the song Submit is actually a survey.
Dan: so they could submit their song. But there's a survey baked in.
Dan: and they either pre call or they are declined. So pre call they go to a fan flowy
Dan: page. Basically a family like overview page book, a call.
Tina Marie: Okay? And then you want to call that like an app. We'll call that calendar right? Book a call.
Dan: No, I think that it. It's just a book, a call. It's a overview
Dan: with the book, a call Cta, and then if they click the button, they go to a calendar. So I separated those. So I could actually
Dan: see, like, okay, how many people are actually doing these different steps.
Dan: And I can also use that in the automation. Be like they didn't. They didn't go to the calendar.
Dan: They didn't do this, which I haven't. Really.
Dan: I'm gonna go manipulate that shit now, so I can fill Mark's calendar even more. Hey, Buddy.
Dan: this is what you wanted, you know. It would be cool if you got more calls.
Tina Marie: I'm not set these here. Oh, wait, wait! There we go. Wait. Well, that was, that's not a connection. I thought it was a connection.
Tina Marie: Okay? So it's kind of working interesting.
Tina Marie: All right. So and then survey Custom page which
Tina Marie: didn't change the name overview with book a call. There it is that? What's this survey.
Dan: What's in the Survey.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: So they submit. Their they 1st 1st half is actually getting their song. But it's are you on?
Dan: Are you on spotify? If they're not on spotify. They're instantly
Dan: disqualified, but they can still submit their song.
Dan: And then there's questions like, How serious are you about your music career?
Dan: So it's really just. Wow! That was big Boston accent right there.
Dan: so it's really a 2 point survey. Are you on spotify? How much a month are you willing to spend on your music those the 2 deciders.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: So save okay.
Tina Marie: alright. So that's at least some information. And then song submit. If they don't go that way and they go to the custom page. What happens after here? Well, actually, let's finish this all the way through. So custom page, and then then they would go to.
Tina Marie: Well, do we want to say phone, what is.
Dan: Well, they go to like a Vsl sort of but it's really not. We would call it a Vsl. Page, but it is not a Vsl that's on the page.
Tina Marie: Like it's a 2 step on there.
Dan: It's yeah, it's like a Vsl and then with and then it's like, if you're interested in this book, a call, and then if they click the book, call button. They go to calendar.
Tina Marie: Well, this custom page so overview will book a call. Cta, that's what I already have. So overview
Tina Marie: plus video
Tina Marie: with book a call Cta. So then, if they get past that, then they do go to a calendar to book a call right?
Dan: Yeah, that's fine.
Tina Marie: Of a call.
Tina Marie: Yes, and then we call them
Tina Marie: edit. Name what kind of like? Who calls them? What do we call this?
Dan: I don't know if it has a name, but
Dan: it's basically it's like it's a fan flow call. They know they're they're interested in family.
Tina Marie: Sales call right.
Dan: You know.
Tina Marie: And then they either buy or they don't buy.
Tina Marie: Yep, and products add new and flowy.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Close.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah. Found for a sales call.
Tina Marie: Oh, wait. Okay. So phone order.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Tina Marie: There. Okay, that name, Dan Fluey cool.
Tina Marie: And then they get onboarded right?
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: And
Tina Marie: how does that happen? Is it?
Tina Marie: Yeah, how does that happen?
Dan: Onboarding.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: So they they sign up for the they pay, they pay whatever.
Dan: and then they schedule a call with Johnny or Sean.
Dan: or actually it goes to Johnny or Sean, and then Johnny and Shawn start gathering the info from them. So they'll do it via email. They'll do it via text. They'll do it via
Dan: call call whatever. They just start gathering all the data. There's like a force
Dan: 4 or 5 steps in the onboarding. So they go. They just go through step by step, and they gather the chunks of data for each step.
Dan: The 1st chunk is like, what's the name of the band. What's this? What's that? Right? So they're all segregated into like
Dan: like band info. And then it's catalog info, and then it's blah blah! If they have a domain, they'll get to that. But when that step comes up they'll transfer the domain or get access to the domain, whatever it is. Actually, they don't get access to the domain.
Tina Marie: I'm gonna ask you to repeat that if that's okay.
Dan: I don't really know them. So it's like, it's like 5. I would say, it's 5 steps, and it's
Dan: but I don't. I I'm gonna know them really well, because they just fixed my onboarding this morning.
Tina Marie: Well, can you like just say what you said because it's gonna be really.
Dan: Like artist, info, catalog, info, social and website, info, like those are.
Dan: And then I think I think that might be it.
Dan: Maybe it's yeah, so maybe it's like 4 steps.
Tina Marie: Website.
Dan: Well, that's like website and branding like all that gets gathered in one chunk.
Dan: But the 1st one's artist info they like get the name of the band. How many members? And then there's all kinds of like it, writes the back catalog, and then they go get catalog, info back catalog, latest catalog. Then they go get the branding stuff images.
Dan: Website. So it's like, probably like.
Dan: And then there's another step that's like social and dsp info, I think that's its own step where they're just gathering like links
Dan: which we're. I'm having an app written for right now.
Tina Marie: What is dsp, stand for.
Dan: A digital streaming platform.
Tina Marie: Oh, cool! I'll probably forget that.
Dan: Okay, you're good.
Dan: You'll hear it a lot.
Tina Marie: And then so.
Dan: So there's a thank you. Page also, before this, right? So if you get disqualified, you go to the thank you, page. If you decline to book a call. You go to the thing. They have the option like book a call or no. Thanks. I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing right. There's that whole bit.
Dan: So the thank you. Page is like, before all this.
Tina Marie: Before. Where? Sorry. So there's the custom page where they're watching the video. And it's book a call to.
Dan: It'd be like, right below that. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay?
Tina Marie: And we'll call that custom page.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: Oh, good. You're connected. Okay.
Dan: Below the middle one.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah, sorry let me just undo undo undo.
Tina Marie: But you touch.
Tina Marie: Do you want to attach sir?
Tina Marie: Nope?
Dan: Okay.
Tina Marie: There we go. I see a little error.
Tina Marie: Okay, and this is
Tina Marie: So it's no thanks. But what else is happening? If anything.
Dan: They go into automation.
Dan: So we like pitch them well, there's a couple automations that are on on here like.
Dan: ultimately, we want them all to go to the
Dan: the submit a song page. Right? So there's an automation. That's a 3 day automation that tries to drive them to that page, and then it quits.
Dan: So the thank you pay. No, actually, I don't think there's any.
Tina Marie: The song, submit sequence.
Dan: No, there isn't. I don't think there is. So if they if they get to the thank you, Page, we do nothing. And then that turned into Mark, sending a cold DM
Dan: or cold SMS that turned into 22 calls. So we're gonna turn his cold
Dan: message into that, and maybe just do the exact same thing
Dan: making this up right now. So let's say we wait for a hundred leads to accrue, and then we say, Hey, when we get to a hundred leads, send the cold DM.
Dan: Or send the cold SMS, and then 0 out the lead counter, and then wait for a hundred, and then send it because he sent it to 400
Dan: and got essentially too many calls.
Dan: So you could spread that out.
Dan: I would probably do that.
Dan: So I'm.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: It's like a 1. It's like an s. 1 SMS. Follow up.
Tina Marie: Decline call bucket will get cold. DM, later. Does this like kinda.
Dan: Yeah. And then we're gonna
Dan: at some point. They're gonna get invited to the community like, that's not in here yet, but that will be in here, and it might be
Dan: after this we would invite them to the community and then and then have that cold SMS Timer running.
Dan: I don't know
Dan: I haven't worked that part out yet. But for now we would just send this. We'd just do what worked
Dan: like, okay, that work. We should. We should automate that.
Tina Marie: I'm gonna put this invite to community.
Tina Marie: This is just kind of a visualization. But when you're looking at it this way, in my opinion, and you just tell me it's a waste of time. It kind of lets you go. Oh, yeah, there might be a gap here, or
Tina Marie: this is not going to be automated. But we know that this works. And so it's a future thing or something like that.
Tina Marie: and might be really helpful for Eric. Just go. Okay, totally see it. And Eric will probably have good questions, because he already knows how you operate. And then, on the music side of it, the artist side of it. Having worked with so many more, the guys might go. You know what? Maybe we should do this, that or the other thing.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: How am I in your account? I logged into mine.
Dan: I don't have an account.
Tina Marie: Oh, I must have just set it up
Tina Marie: with you, cause the last time I was in here it was for you, anyway.
Dan: I'm like, I don't have an account. I might have access to that one. But I yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay? So yeah, that's probably
Tina Marie: Because we did do this. Well, we started down this path once to kind of visualize
Tina Marie: blah, blah. The thing I like about a thing like Guru right is, it is not campaign. It's not platform specific, because some people and I would say most people cannot wrap their heads around different verbiage and language they're like, but it's not here. It's not called this. It's not called that. Okay.
Tina Marie: Don't worry about the label. Don't worry about the platform language and verbiage.
Tina Marie: Consider the action right, and figure how to make that action happen within the platform that you're working with.
Tina Marie: Anyway, it's just good mapping, I think. Okay, so
Tina Marie: we have so the custom. Thank you. Page here.
Tina Marie: So they go to the Facebook ad, and they either get the email to submit your song or custom page. You said, Yeah.
Dan: Say that again.
Tina Marie: When you said they came from the Facebook Ad. You said there's 2 things that could happen, but they don't both happen either.
Dan: Yeah, most most people do not end up going to the page from the Facebook lead ad because they don't know to.
Dan: I don't know if you've ever seen a lead ad. Thank you, Page, it's not obvious. It's a button, but some people do click it, and then they just go directly to the page. They skip the email essentially.
Dan: More people get the email click on the link or get several emails click on the link in the email and then end up on that page. But either way, it's to that page.
Dan: So they either go direct from the ad to the page, or they go into the email to the page.
Tina Marie: Okay, so I'm just gonna do it like this.
Tina Marie: Let's see.
Tina Marie: Well, this, how do I connect this to that also?
Tina Marie: And I connect both of them, because this has 2 connections.
Tina Marie: So and that's not how this works. It's not no email. Then they get the custom page.
Tina Marie: That's not how that works.
Tina Marie: It's email or don't break you.
Tina Marie: Let's see.
Tina Marie: Oh, change the connectors. So go to the email or
Tina Marie: copy paste
Tina Marie: this.
Tina Marie: Oh, well, I don't know how that works. I'll figure that out.
Tina Marie: That's that's not right, anyway. So I know it goes there. And then it. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Content options customize interesting. Okay?
Tina Marie: So they're this. It's it's either they don't do anything, or it's this, do you do retargeting.
Dan: No.
Tina Marie: Okay, are you going to?
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: even if they like, watch all of. So what is this ad? Is it a video? Or what is it.
Dan: I have no idea.
Dan: Never seen it.
Dan: I think it's I think it's it might be the a video of a band.
Dan: and they're like, submit your song to get on the radio. It's it's yeah. It's like, super basic.
Tina Marie: So if it is a video, and a person watches all of it, would you not consider retargeting a person that's watched all the video.
Tina Marie: we're not 50%.
Dan: No, because the leads are 48 cents, and I'm like whatever. I'll just keep going cold. I'll just keep going deeper into that, like you don't take the offer. I don't want you to submit your song now.
Dan: like right? It's like, Buy whatever
Dan: there's no like you'll you likely will just make the leads more expensive, retargeting
Dan: because the conversion rate will go down. So I'm like, at 48 cents. I'm like dude. We could run this all day.
Dan: and we're only targeting one genre.
Dan: It's only rock.
Dan: So if we can figure this all out, then it's like, Oh, now go do country, which is huge.
Dan: Then go do pop, but we're just gonna stick in this one sub genre. At the moment.
Tina Marie: New project.
Tina Marie: So I can just give you this link if you wanted it to kind of share a visual
Tina Marie: or not.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: It's account cause I know. When I logged into it it had watch down at Basis rocks
Tina Marie: unable to find account. Okay, never mind then?
Tina Marie: No, that wasn't it. It's a share. Button.
Tina Marie: How is it due to one o'clock already? Share a map with simulation? There's not even that
Tina Marie: active link. Yes. Oh, okay, sure map. And I'm just gonna drop it into text.
Tina Marie: Or I could email it, would you prefer email.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Yeah, let me do that, Daniel song, Brian Guru Link.
Tina Marie: and then I didn't hear any kind of thing that should be captured for a task.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: To do the I need to do this, the
Dan: the lead on the lead like the lead counter.
Dan: but it's not leads. It's like the song submits song. Submit. Did not book a call lead counter? I need to start counting those people and then auto SMS them. The mark SMS that worked.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah. Okay, so let me just make sure.
Dan: Yeah, it's like qualified, that didn't qualified and did not book call like, you want to start to count those.
Tina Marie: Alright! Let me.
Dan: No, actually, I think he just emailed. I think he texted everyone that submitted a song that did not book a call. I don't know. I'll have to ask him. I actually need to know. I don't know who he did. He might have just done literally everyone
Dan: but he. Now he knows how to.
Dan: you know. Thought I'll find out. I got to build it around. What he did.
Tina Marie: Right? So you need to. You need to find out.
Dan: Yeah, I gotta confirm, I think, he told me. But I'm not 100% on that.
Dan: Do you want me to throw this ball? Is that why you're throwing the ball at.
Tina Marie: Is it zinnia, or.
Dan: Oh, it's Bell.
Tina Marie: So.
Dan: Jeez this dog. This dog loves me. It's so crazy.
Dan: Hi!
Dan: She's my Bestie Denise is like she likes you the best I'm like, I know.
Tina Marie: She is Dan's dog.
Tina Marie: Hudson is my baby. When I was gone last week, because I went to Salt Lake City for that conference, and man, he went nuts. I'm so glad when he came back, and he like when we started the call he just needed to be up on my shoulder for a few minutes, he'll he'll go and be off, but if I'm out of the room, or if I haven't held him for a while, he's like you need to hold me for a few minutes, and then I'm good.
Tina Marie: Oh, I'm good with that.
Tina Marie: Okay, so it so the other zoom change that they made, and of course there were no notifications or anything, but I noticed the folder changes, so it used to be as in like a week.
Tina Marie: maybe 2 weeks ago. I would get a transcript in my zoom folder of all my call recordings right? So I could just run that through chat gpt, and it was recorded locally. But
Tina Marie: yeah, hold on. I'll go off on another thing in just a second about it, but but it changed the files to a zoom specific file extension.
Tina Marie: And I don't even know if that is the transcript, because I have to go figure out how I can even open it and access it. So it completely changed the file structure for the recordings.
Tina Marie: And then there's this
Tina Marie: disappearing of our meeting, and I know it exists because this meeting is the only one that gets recorded to the cloud, because I always run out of cloud space. And this was the 1st one that was set up as a cloud, recording everything else records locally. So I know it exists, existed right cause. I would always be able to go there to go get. I'd have to go there to get my transcripts where everything else was locally.
Tina Marie: Anyway, it keeps flipping, changing, and it's changing quickly, and I can't keep up with it, and it's annoying, because I don't even know. None of the changes are obvious until it's call time.
Dan: But it did capture the their AI companion that is
Tina Marie: What's the word native now did capture the so it says, set up lead, counter, and automate SMS for our song submitters who did not book a call using Mark successful template. So that will. That's clear enough for you to remember what it was right.
Dan: Yeah, plus I was. I was about to
Dan: send something to Stacey, if you're like, I gotta. But I'm gonna text mark and be like.
Dan: Oh, no, I think I gotta go look. I think he made a smart list.
Tina Marie: Oh, like in high, level.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay, so I'm going to email this to you. These are the 3 things that the companion grabbed as a task list
Tina Marie: tasks. You want me to CC. Stacy, or have you edit it, and then you forward it to her.
Dan: I'll edit it.
Tina Marie: Yeah, that's probably okay. So there, that sent off to you, sir.
Tina Marie: And I sent the Guru link to it just to kinda help visualize what I didn't grab. And hopefully my companion notes will give it to me because you mentioned some dates for targets of like when you're working on things. Obviously it'll be what it'll be. But I like seeing what you were visualizing as a target date, right? And then kind of measuring it against what actually happens?
Tina Marie: You know. What was it? A bigger.
Tina Marie: you know, scope than intended or like whatever I like looking at? How, how it, how it actually broke down.
Tina Marie: So I'll look for those things.
Dan: Target dates for, like the book funnel and stuff, you mean.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Tina Marie: Yeah, this is like this should be done by April first, st and then this is probably like June.
Dan: Yeah, like.
Tina Marie: It's not dynamic.
Dan: Yeah. So like just seeing like the book funnel I've been, it's I mean, it's not even in the meeting. I've just been working it on the side.
Dan: because then when the book was supposed to get done, and then I was like, I'm just gonna start working on this book funnel.
Dan: So yeah, we don't even talk about it. It's it's
Dan: it's not even so that's why I'm like, it's definitely gonna be next quarter, because we can't add a rock. There's no adding rocks.
Dan: because it wasn't. If it wasn't important enough in January. It's not an important thing now.
Dan: but I can ship. I can get an advance on it, regardless.
Tina Marie: As in like you working on it in advance.
Dan: Totally.
Tina Marie: I was like, wait, I'll go first.st
Tina Marie: It's that afternoon like post lunch, slumpy time.
Tina Marie: nappy time, except I don't really want to nap. I got things to do, sir.
Dan: Use.
Tina Marie: Did you know that Mark is considering a schnoodle.
Dan: What?
Tina Marie: So his mom has a schnoodle, Ronan. You've seen Ronan right.
Dan: Yeah. Oh, yeah, I'm like, Schnoodle.
Tina Marie: Okay, right?
Tina Marie: You yeah.
Dan: Out there, Doodle.
Tina Marie: Yeah. So anyway, he had sent a picture of a puppy
Tina Marie: a while ago. I was like, Are you getting one? So I I think he's shopping like slowly, but anyway, that would be good for him.
Dan: Would it is, get a new get a new buddy.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Dan: Better than a Porsche. This is true.
Tina Marie: Yes, better for his soul. And also he was doing really good when he went for walks and stuff, and but he can't do it right now, because he can't move for like another month
Tina Marie: or end of April till end of a long time he can move, but like he has to be really careful, and puppies are not something you can be careful with.
Dan: Wait? Why can't he move?
Tina Marie: His back.
Dan: Oh, that's right. Yeah, yeah.
Dan: Forgot about that.
Tina Marie: Yeah, it's a big deal like he's. It's it's a degen degenerative issue.
Tina Marie: And he's trying to avoid surgery, which.
Dan: Gotta go get the stem cell injections head out to Costa Rica.
Tina Marie: He is. Well, he's not going to Costa Rica, but he is getting stem cells. I think.
Dan: Yeah, you could. You could probably get it in Hollywood.
Tina Marie: He's getting Peptides. I don't.
Tina Marie: There you go.
Tina Marie: stem cells, but he's doing like all the things he can for sure, like what do you call it?
Dan: Has degenerative disc disease.
Tina Marie: I don't think that is the name of this thing. It it is
Tina Marie: a degenerative disease. It's in the spine. I think it's at the disc level. It felt like it was something a little bit more specific.
Tina Marie: but essentially yes.
Dan: It's either the disk or it's the the goop between the discs. It's 1 or the other right? It's probably the other. It's probably not the bone. It's probably the whatever it's.
Tina Marie: Is shrinking that shouldn't be shrinking. It's probably the disc I can't remember for sure. But anyway, yeah, so no puppy for right now while he's trying to heal, because, oh, my gosh, I had to go buy a new TV because my like 65 inch just shattered, which is funny, because it only shattered on the inside, so like if you turn it on, it looks like broken glass, but on the front you can't see it.
Tina Marie: Hudson tripped my daughter, and she was trying not to squish him, and so, to save him, she just fell face 1st into the TV, caught her elbow in the TV and on the the wood, saved the puppy, destroyed the television.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Tina Marie: I was like, and she was so. And I wasn't home. So she was like sitting there just cause her dad's
Tina Marie: fucking asshole.
Dan: There you go!
Tina Marie: Just violent about
Tina Marie: everything, Dan, my kids, if they would spill milk they would look like they were about to get that, and terrified. So she was.
Dan: He's still like this.
Tina Marie: Yes, that motherfucker threatened to kill my daughter
Tina Marie: a few months ago, and I can't.
Tina Marie: Oh, lovely!
Tina Marie: Yeah, yeah.
Tina Marie: yeah, anyway. So so she was like, no, she knows I'm not like that. But she was still nervous, because, like it's a lot, and she's never broken something that big I'm like. That's fine. I wanted a new TV, anyway.
Dan: It breaks, shit happens.
Tina Marie: I'm like, I didn't know it was android when I got it so. And it's kind of slow. So thank you. And she's like, seriously, I'm like, yeah.
Tina Marie: like, I, really, you're way more valuable. But anyway, doggies Point was backs. Things like that, trying not to trip on those little things is a very good way to twist your back and hurt.
Tina Marie: Yes, so, anyway, all right, I will quit yakking at you and let you go, and I will talk to you on Monday, and I hope you have a great weekend.
Tina Marie: Thanks you, too.
Tina Marie: Go play with your bell.
Dan: Right here.
Tina Marie: Bye, Dan.
Dan: Alright! But.